# AtlasUI.i18n

The `AtlasUI.i18n` class is used for internationalization (i18n) in the Atlas Framework for Garry's Mod. It allows developers to easily translate their interface elements into multiple languages. It uses GitHub as a source for the language files, with the repository specified by the `gitHubAuthor` and `gitHubRepo` properties.

# Constructor

## AtlasUI.i18n :: constructor

```lua
AtlasUI.i18n(gitHubAuthor: string, gitHubRepo: string, langId: string, langFolder: string)
```

The constructor for creating a new instance of the AtlasUI.i18n class.

**Arguments**

1. gitHubAuthor - The GitHub username of the repository owner.
2. gitHubRepo - The name of the GitHub repository where the language files are stored.
3. langId - The language identifier.
4. langFolder - The folder where the language files are stored in the repository.

# Methods

## AtlasUI.i18n :: setLanguage

```lua
<AtlasUI.i18n>:setLanguage(lang: string, tbl: table)
```

Sets the active language and downloads the language file from GitHub if it's not "English" and no table is passed. If a table is passed, it sets the active language to the passed table.

**Arguments**

1. lang - The language to set as active.
2. tbl - An optional table containing the language data.

## AtlasUI.i18n :: parsePhrase

```lua
<AtlasUI.i18n>:parsePhrase(str: string)
```

Parses a string and replaces placeholders with their corresponding values from the active language.

**Arguments**

1. str - The string to parse.

## AtlasUI.i18n :: get

```lua
<AtlasUI.i18n>:get(phrase: string, default: string, replacement: table)
```

Returns the corresponding phrase from the active language, or the default phrase if it is not found. Placeholders can be replaced by passing a table as the replacement parameter.

**Arguments**

1. phrase - The phrase to retrieve.
2. default - The default value to return if the phrase is not found.
3. replacement - An optional table containing placeholder keys and their corresponding values.

## AtlasUI.i18n :: getAll

```lua
<AtlasUI.i18n>:getAll()
```

Returns all the language files in the repository.